Create rule S6636: CPP-3457 unhandled_exception should not be empty (#1915)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6636/cfamily/rule.adoc

The _Promise object_ of any coroutine is required to have an `unhandled_exception` function.
If an exception escapes the coroutine function body, the `unhandled_exception` function is called, followed by `final_suspend`.
Resuming the coroutine after this point is undefined behaviour.

The `unhandled_exception` method is used to define such behaviour.
The exception can be obtained with `std::current_exception`, and can be logged, rethrown or stored, depending on the use case:

- If rethrown, the exception will be received in any calling thread.
- If stored, it can be propagated through the _Promise object_ to the awaiting thread.

In the case of noexcept specified coroutines, this rule does not apply.

=== Noncompliant code example
[source,cpp,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
struct Task {
  struct promise_type {
    /* ... */
    void unhandled_exception() {}
  };
};
----

=== Compliant solution
[source,cpp,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
struct Task {
  struct promise_type {
    void unhandled_exception() {
      except = std::current_exception(); // store exception
    }

    std::exception_ptr except; // awaiter can check and obtain it via promise()

>   };

Reviewer: I do not think that this will add much to the example.

== Why is this an issue?

When a regular function throws an exception, stack unwinding occurs.
This applies to throw statements inside the function or any exception thrown from an inner function call.

{cpp}20 introduced coroutines, a stackless method to invoke functions that can be suspended and resumed.
Because of this, exceptions in coroutines behave differently.

The _Promise object_ of any coroutine is required to have an `unhandled_exception` function.

> If an exception escapes the coroutine function body, the `unhandled_exception` function is called, followed by `final_suspend`.

Reviewer 2: Added that to keep it in sync with the cppref specification. Main point is that any further calls are UB

Resuming the coroutine after this point is undefined behavior.

The `unhandled_exception` method is used to define such behavior.
The exception can be obtained with `std::current_exception` and can be logged, rethrown, or stored, depending on the use case:

> -	If rethrown, the exception will be received in any calling thread.

Reviewer: Instead of calling, I would be precise any thread that resumes coroutine.

-	If stored, it can be propagated through the _Promise object_ to the awaiting thread.

In the case of noexcept specified coroutines, this rule does not apply.

=== Noncompliant code example
[source,cpp,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
struct Task {
  struct promise_type {
    /* ... */
    void unhandled_exception() {}
  };
};
----

=== Compliant solution
[source,cpp,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
struct Task {
  struct promise_type {

>     void unhandled_exception() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    void unhandled_exception() {
    /* ... */
```

Reviewer: To indicate that there is more code in the body.

== Why is this an issue?

When a regular function throws an exception, stack unwinding occurs.

> This applies to throw statements inside the function or any exception thrown from an inner function call.

Reviewer 3: A rewording which, to me, reads easier because the object "exceptions" is now common between the two predicates:
```suggestion
This applies to exceptions thrown within the function body or from an inner function call.
```

{cpp}20 introduced coroutines, a stackless method to invoke functions that can be suspended and resumed.

> Because of this, exceptions in coroutines behave differently.

Reviewer 3: I presume you are not saying that exceptions behave differently "because C++20 introduced coroutines", which is the the first interpretation that came into my mind. The pronouns like "this" or "it" can be tricky, hence, should be used only when clearly unambiguous.
For example (I also corrected the second part, since exceptions work the same if they are thrown and caught within a single coroutine invocation):
```suggestion
As coroutines have no stack, exceptions behave differently across a coroutine boundary.
```

The _Promise object_ of any coroutine is required to have an `unhandled_exception` function.

> If an exception escapes the coroutine function body, the `unhandled_exception` function is called, and the coroutine reaches the final suspend point.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If an exception escapes the coroutine function body, the `unhandled_exception` function is called, and the coroutine reaches the final-suspend point.
```

Resuming the coroutine after this point is undefined behavior.

The `unhandled_exception` method is used to define such behavior.
The exception can be obtained with `std::current_exception` and can be logged, rethrown, or stored, depending on the use case:

> -	If rethrown, the exception will be received in any thread that resumes the routine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	If rethrown, the exception will be received in any thread that resumes the coroutine.
```

> -	If rethrown, the exception will be received in any thread that resumes the routine.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-	If rethrown, the exception will be received in any thread that resumes the coroutine.
```

> -	If stored, it can be propagated through the _Promise object_ to the awaiting thread.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-	If stored, it can be propagated through the _Promise object_ to the awaiting context.
```
Coroutines are not necessarily employed in a multithreaded context

Reviewer 3: How do you imagine mentioning both?
I mean "context" here generally, it points to the stack frame that invoked the coroutine, which may be in the same or in a different thread.
Perhaps that could be mentioned explicitly
```suggestion
-	If stored, it can be propagated through the _Promise object_ to the awaiting context (in the same or different thread).
```

Reviewer 2: Updated the text, with an explanation of why should one prefer storing the except.

> In the case of noexcept specified coroutines, this rule does not apply.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the case of `noexcept`-specified coroutines, this rule does not apply.
```

== Why is this an issue?

When a regular function throws an exception, stack unwinding occurs.
This applies to exceptions thrown within the function body or from an inner function call.

{cpp}20 introduced coroutines, a stackless method to invoke functions that can be suspended and resumed.
As coroutines have no stack, exceptions behave differently across a coroutine boundary.

The _Promise object_ of any coroutine is required to have an `unhandled_exception` function.
If an exception escapes the coroutine function body, the `unhandled_exception` function is called, and the coroutine reaches the final-suspend point.
Resuming the coroutine after this point is undefined behavior.

The `unhandled_exception` method is used to define such behavior.
The exception can be obtained with `std::current_exception` and can be logged, rethrown, or stored:

- If rethrown, the exception will be received in any thread that resumes the coroutine.
- If stored, it can be propagated through the _Promise object_ to the awaiter.

> - If no exceptions are expected, the program can be terminated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If no exceptions were expected from the coroutine, the program can be terminated.
```
